Bromwell High is a cartoon comedy. 
It ran at the same time as some other programs about school life, such as "Teachers". 
My 35 years in the teaching profession lead me to believe that Bromwell High's satire is much closer to reality than is "Teachers".
The scramble to survive financially, the insightful students who can see right through their pathetic teachers' pomp, the pettiness of the whole situation, all remind me of the schools I knew and their students. 
When I saw the episode in which a student repeatedly tried to burn down the school, I immediately recalled ......... at .......... High.
A classic line: INSPECTOR: I'm here to sack one of your teachers. 
STUDENT: Welcome to Bromwell High. 
I expect that many adults of my age think that Bromwell High is far fetched.
 What a pity that it isn't!
If you like adult comedy cartoons, like South Park, then this is nearly a similar format about the small adventures of three teenage girls at Bromwell High. 
Keisha, Natella and Latrina have given exploding sweets and behaved like bitches, I think Keisha is a good leader. There are also small stories going on with the teachers of the school. 
There's the idiotic principal, Mr. Bip, the nervous Maths teacher and many others. The cast is also fantastic, Lenny Henry's Gina Yashere, EastEnders Chrissie Watts, Tracy-Ann Oberman, Smack The Pony's Doon Mackichan, Dead Ringers' Mark Perry and Blunder's Nina Conti. 
I didn't know this came from Canada, but it is very good. Very good!
Bromwell High is nothing short of brilliant. 
Expertly scripted and perfectly delivered, this searing parody of a students and teachers at a South London Public School leaves you literally rolling with laughter. 
It's vulgar, provocative, witty and sharp. 
The characters are a superbly caricatured cross section of British society (or to be more accurate, of any society). Following the escapades of Keisha, Latrina and Natella, our three "protagonists" for want of a better term, the show doesn't shy away from parodying every imaginable subject. 
Political correctness flies out the window in every episode. If you enjoy shows that aren't afraid to poke fun of every taboo subject imaginable, then Bromwell High will not disappoint!
"All the world's a stage and its people actors in it"--or something like that.
 Who the hell said that theatre stopped at the orchestra pit--or even at the theatre door? Why is not the audience participants in the theatrical experience, including the story itself?
This film was a grand experiment that said: "Hey! the story is you and it needs more than your attention, it needs your active participation". 
"Sometimes we bring the story to you, sometimes you have to go to the story."
Alas no one listened, but that does not mean it should not have been said.
FUTZ is the only show preserved from the experimental theatre movement in New York in the 1960s (the origins of Off Off Broadway). 
Though it's not for everyone, it is a genuinely brilliant, darkly funny, even more often deeply disturbing tale about love, sex, personal liberty, and revenge, a serious morality tale even more relevant now in a time when Congress wants to outlaw gay marriage by trashing our Constitution. 
The story is not about being gay, though -- it's about love and sex that don't conform to social norms and therefore must be removed through violence and hate. 
On the surface, it tells the story of a man who falls in love with a pig, but like any great fable, it's not really about animals, it's about something bigger -- stifling conformity in America.
The stage version won international acclaim in its original production, it toured the U.S. and Europe, and with others of its kind, influenced almost all theatre that came after it. 
Luckily, we have preserved here the show pretty much as it was originally conceived, with the original cast and original director, Tom O'Horgan (who also directed HAIR and Jesus Christ Superstar on Broadway).
This is not a mainstream, easy-to-take, studio film -- this is an aggressive, unsettling, glorious, deeply emotional, wildly imaginative piece of storytelling that you'll never forget. 
And it just might change the way you see the world...