Story of a man who has unnatural feelings for a pig. Starts out with a opening scene that is a terrific example of absurd comedy. 
A formal orchestra audience is turned into an insane, violent mob by the crazy chantings of it's singers. 
Unfortunately it stays absurd the WHOLE time with no general narrative eventually making it just too off putting. 
Even those from the era should be turned off. 
The cryptic dialogue would make Shakespeare seem easy to a third grader. 
On a technical level it's better than you might think with some good cinematography by future great Vilmos Zsigmond. 
Future stars Sally Kirkland and Frederic Forrest can be seen briefly.
Robert DeNiro plays the most unbelievably intelligent illiterate of all time. 
This movie is so wasteful of talent, it is truly disgusting. 
The script is unbelievable. The dialog is unbelievable. 
Jane Fonda's character is a caricature of herself, and not a funny one. 
The movie moves at a snail's pace, is photographed in an ill-advised manner, and is insufferably preachy. 
It also plugs in every cliche in the book. Swoozie Kurtz is excellent in a supporting role, but so what?
Equally annoying is this new IMDB rule of requiring ten lines for every review. 
When a movie is this worthless, it doesn't require ten lines of text to let other readers know that it is a waste of time and tape. 
Avoid this movie.
I saw the capsule comment said "great acting." 
In my opinion, these are two great actors giving horrible performances, and with zero chemistry with one another, for a great director in his all-time worst effort.
 Robert De Niro has to be the most ingenious and insightful illiterate of all time. 
Jane Fonda's performance uncomfortably drifts all over the map as she clearly has no handle on this character, mostly because the character is so poorly written. 
Molasses-like would be too swift an adjective for this film's excruciating pacing. 
Although the film's intent is to be an uplifting story of curing illiteracy, watching it is a true "bummer." 
I give it 1 out of 10, truly one of the worst 20 movies for its budget level that I have ever seen.
If I had not read Pat Barker's 'Union Street' before seeing this film, I would have liked it.
 Unfortuntately this is not the case. 
It is actually my kind of film, it is well made, and in no way do I want to say otherwise, but as an adaptation, it fails from every angle.
The harrowing novel about the reality of living in a northern England working-class area grabbed hold of my heartstrings and refused to let go for weeks after I had finished. 
I was put through tears, repulsion, shock, anger, sympathy and misery when reading about the women of Union Street. Excellent. 
A novel that at times I felt I could not read any more of, but I novel I simply couldn't put down. 
Depressing yes, but utterly gripping.
 Oh dear. Hollywood took Barker's truth and reality, and showered a layer of sweet icing sugar over the top of it.
 A beautiful film, an inspiring soundtrack, excellent performances, a tale of hope and romance...yes. An adaptation of 'Union Street'...no.<br /><br />The women of Union Street and their stories are condensed into Fonda's character, their stories are touched on, but many are discarded. I accept that some of Barker's tales are sensitive issues and are too horrific for mass viewing, and that a film with around 7 leading protagonists just isn't practical, but the content is not my main issue. The essence and the real gut of the novel is lost - darkness and rain, broken windows covered with cardboard, and the graphically described stench of poverty is replaced with sunshine, pretty houses, and a twinkling William's score.<br /><br />If you enjoyed the film for its positivity and hope in the face of 'reality', I advise that you hesitate to read the book without first preparing yourself for something more like 'Schindler's List'...but without the happy ending.