Once again Mr. Costner has dragged out a movie for far longer than necessary. 
Aside from the terrific sea rescue sequences, of which there are very few I just did not care about any of the characters. 
Most of us have ghosts in the closet, and Costner's character are realized early on, and then forgotten until much later, by which time I did not care. 
The character we should really care about is a very cocky, overconfident Ashton Kutcher. 
The problem is he comes off as kid who thinks he's better than anyone else around him and shows no signs of a cluttered closet. 
His only obstacle appears to be winning over Costner. 
Finally when we are well past the half way point of this stinker, Costner tells us all about Kutcher's ghosts.
We are told why Kutcher is driven to be the best with no prior inkling or foreshadowing. 
No magic here, it was all I could do to keep from turning it off an hour in.
This is a pale imitation of 'Officer and a Gentleman.' 
There is NO chemistry between Kutcher and the unknown woman who plays his love interest.
The dialog is wooden, the situations hackneyed. 
It's too long and the climax is anti-climactic(!). 
I love the USCG, its men and women are fearless and tough. 
The action scenes are awesome, but this movie doesn't do much for recruiting, I fear. 
The script is formulaic, but confusing. 
Kutcher's character is trying to redeem himself for an accident that wasn't his fault? 
Costner's is raging against the dying of the light, but why? 
His 'conflict' with his wife is about as deep as a mud puddle.
I saw this sneak preview for free and certainly felt I got my money's worth.
It seems ever since 1982, about every two or three years we get a movie that claims to be "The Next Officer and a Gentleman."
There has yet to be one movie that has lived up to this claim and this movie is no different.
We get the usual ripped off scenes from OAAG ("I want you DOR," the instructor gives the Richard Gere character his overdose of drills in hopes he'll quit, the Gere character comes back for the girl, the Gere character realizes the instructor is great, etc.) and this movie is as predictable as the sun rising in the East and is horribly miscast on top. 
Costner plays his usual "wise teacher" character, the only character he can play, and you really get a sense of his limited acting abilities here. 
Kutcher is terrible in the Richard Gere character, just miscast with acting skills barely a notch above Keanu Reeves.
The main problem with this OAAG wannabe is the two main characters are so amazingly one-dimensional, you never care for either in the least and when Kutcher's character finally turns around (just like Gere did in OAAG) you just go "so what? 
The movie leaves no plot point unturned and seems to never end as if to say "oh wait, we forgot to close out the girlfriend story, or the what happens after he graduates story, or the other six plot points in the movie..." What's more baffling is the great "reviews" I see here. 
The general public's opinions never cease to amaze me.
Wow, another Kevin Costner hero movie. 
Postman, Tin Cup, Waterworld, Bodyguard, Wyatt Earp, Robin Hood, even that baseball movie. 
Seems like he makes movies specifically to be the center of attention. 
The characters are almost always the same ... the heroics, the flaws, the greatness, the fall, the redemption. 
Yup, within the 1st 5 minutes of the movie, we're all supposed to be in awe of his character, and it builds up more and more from there.
And this time the story ... story? ... is just a collage of different movies. 
You don't need a spoiler; you've seen this movie several times, though it had different titles. 
You'll know what will happen way before it happens. 
This is like mixing An Officer and a Gentleman with Backdraft, but both are easily better movies. 
Watch Backdraft to see how this kind of movie should be made ... and also to see how an good but slightly underrated actor, Russell, plays the hero.
Alas, another Costner movie that was an hour too long. 
Credible performances, but the script had no where to go and was in no hurry to get there. 
First we are offered an unrelated string of events few of which further the story. 
Will the script center on Randall and his wife? Randall and Fischer? How about Fischer and Thomas? 
In the end, no real front story ever develops and the characters themselves are artificially propped up by monologues from third parties. 
The singer explains Randall, Randall explains Fischer, on and on. 
Finally, long after you don't care anymore, you will learn something about the script meetings. 
Three endings were no doubt proffered and no one could make a decision. 
The end result? All three were used, one, after another, after another. 
If you can hang in past the 100th yawn, you'll be able to pick them out. 
Despite the transparent attempt to gain points with a dedication to the Coast Guard, this one should have washed out the very first day.
Might end up being the biggest disappointment that I will see in 2009. 
I seem to be the rare person who disliked Park's Oldboy, but I think that his "Lady Vengeance" and "Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance" are among the best films I've seen in the 2000's decade. 
Therefore, I really was looking forward to see this, especially as it got such positive reviews. 
Instead, I found the film clichéd, and broke little, if any new ground to the vampire genre. 
And while I can appreciate a bit of gallows humor in movies like this, I felt Park did this at very inopportune times.
Others have compared/contrasted this to "Let the Right One In," and I have to say that "Let the Right One In" was far superior to this one, and was a fresh take on the vampire genre. 
Sadly, Park's take was a tired one.
Bloody Birthday opens to a shot of Meadowvale General Hospital. 
There three babies are being born at precisely the same time during a total eclipse. 
A caption informs us that it is now 'Meadowvale, California June 1, 1980'. 
Two teenage lovers, Duke Benson (Ben Marley) and Annie Smith (Erica Hope) are getting down to business in an open grave. 
They hear noises and Duke investigates. 
Both Duke and Annie are murdered. 
Sheriff Jim Brody (Bert Kramer) is baffled and only has the handle of a child's skipping rope that Annie was holding, as a clue. 
Unfortunately before Sheriff Brody can solve the case his youngest daughter Debbie (Elizabeth Hoy) and two of her friends Curtis Taylor (Billy Jayne as Billy Jacoby) and Steven Seton (Andy Freeman) murder him. 
Just as they are finishing Sheriff Brody off another young boy from their class named Timmy Russel (K.C. Martel) turns up, the three killers are unaware of how much he saw. 
Soon after the incident Timmy plays with Steven and Curtis in a junkyard. 
Curtis locks Timmy into an old locker. 
Timmy manages to escape and tell his sister Joyce (Lori Lethin), but she doesn't believe him at first. The three children carry on their murder spree. 
Their strict teacher Miss Davis (Susan Strasberg) a lovemaking couple (John Avery and Sylvia Wright) in a van and Debbie's older sister Beverly (Julie Brown) are among their victims. 
Joyce begins to have her suspicions about Debbie, Curtis and Steven which makes her and Timmy a target for the evil trio. 
Will they be able to convince the authorities that these three innocent looking 10 year olds are really soulless killers?
Co-written and directed by Ed Hunt I have an intense dislike for this film. 
I think it's absolutely awful and doesn't have a single enjoyable aspect to it's 83 minute running time. 
The script by Hunt and Barry Pearson gives us no explanation for the child killers motives beyond the solar eclipse that blocks out Saturn and therefore for some bizarre astrological reason these three children don't have any conscience, so these are the only children ever born during a total eclipse? 
If that is true why do they wait until just before their tenth birthday's before starting their killing spree?
 I guess it just suddenly kicks in, right? 
To it's credit it is reasonably well paced but I still found it incredibly boring and tedious to sit through. 
The film as a whole is very unexciting and predictable, the children are revealed as the killers within the first 10 minutes and as I've mentioned next to no motive is given. 
It's very silly at times, too. 
Check out the scene where Debbie stops Steven by throwing a bowl of water over him! 
The Sheriff's death is put down to him falling down some steps, yeah right the injuries suffered from that type of accident aren't going to be the same as if your beaten to death with a baseball bat like he was in reality, any competent Doctor or Pathologist would have spotted that within 5 seconds. 
There isn't a single drop of blood spilt in the entire film and all of the lame killings are dull and unimaginative. 
There is some out-of-place looking nudity as Debbie charges 25c to let boys peek through a hole while her sister Beverly strips. 
There is an early scene just after the 5 minute mark when Joyce walks from the kitchen to the living room and the boom mike is clearly visible at the top of the screen, not even a little bit of it the whole damn thing. 
The general incompetence continues throughout the film. The whole production is bland and instantly forgettable. 
The acting is poor throughout, those three kids are very annoying and got on my nerves right from the start and made sitting through this film even more of a chore, especially Curtis in his geeky over-sized glasses. 
I just hate this film really, simple as that. I can't think of a single good thing to say about it.
 Definitely one to avoid.
This movie cannot be serious because it has a nerdy looking kid named Curtis killing people. 
The other two psycho kids are kind of cute but that Curtis kid is just so ugly because he wears these huge, brown, ugly glasses. 
The actor probably wandered on the wrong set and he was really supposed to go to Revenge of the Nerds.
Another thing that I hate so much about this movie is that Curtis takes his sweet time shooting people. 
I kept my finger on the fast forward button because he took too long and what was up with his voice? 
He sounded like he was fourteen and not ten. 
Another thing I hated was that he kept smiling like an idiot and there was no point to that.
Then they put that annoying kid in the freezer and somehow he found a flashlight in there. 
That didn't make any sense and neither did the music. The music didn't fit any of the scenes.
This movie is slow, boring and a waste of time. 
Watch a different movie on your birthday.